= indifferent_hash

* https://github.com/bhenderson/indifferent_hash

== DESCRIPTION:

IndifferentHash is HashWithIndifferentAccess but written in C!

== FEATURES/PROBLEMS:

The goal was not 100% compatibility with rails, but to be closer to Hash.
Key differences:

* HashWithIndifferentAccess::new takes a hash and calls update with it.
  IndifferentHash keeps Hash::new behavior. Use ::[] to convert hashes.
* HashWithIndifferentAccess changes #default to return the set value after the
  key has been converted if it exists. This behavior does appear to be
  described in the docs for Hash, but per my testing, was never actually part
  of any implementation for any version of ruby.

This is my first C extension, so any PRs are welcome!

== SYNOPSIS:

  h = IndifferentHash["foo" => "bar"]
  h[:foo] # => "bar"

== INSTALL:

* gem install indifferent_hash

== DEVELOPERS:

After checking out the source, run:

  $ rake newb

This task will install any missing dependencies, run the tests/specs,
and generate the RDoc.

== LICENSE:

(The MIT License)

Copyright (c) 2016 henderson.bj@gmail.com

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
'Software'), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED 'AS IS', WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,
TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE
SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
